Hi welcome back.
I'm glad you made it to Section 3.
I'm really excited for you.
Seriously you're doing really good.
So now let's go ahead and do Section 3.
All right.
So we already know that this is located in the practical app.
And we are on page number three right.
Section number three.
And there we are going to be doing.
Step one make an if statement with Else everything else to finally play we did this already so you should
know how to do that.
We make a for loop that display 10 numbers you should know how to do that just make the little go around
10 times and make a switch statement that tests against one condition with five cases.
Wow.
All right.
So anyways go ahead and do this.
Post a video.
Don't Chih do it.
Because the more you do this the more you're going to learn.
Right so I'll be waiting right here for the video.
Don't cheat.
All right perfect.
All right so now that you now that you're back you that you were you able to do it good.
No.
Wow.
All right.
Well whatever your answer is let's go ahead and start doing this.
So we need to make any statement right.
So let's do that let's just create a really simple statement here and let's just put some else if there
let's do that else right here.
And all we've got to do is just put some something here that is going to execute and that's it.
So I want this to execute so why not make it simple right.
Three is smaller than one.
I want to echo what is.
I love BHB.
Oh I love BHB.
I love the HP she's so great right.
And I'm going to make this not at SECU 20 less than 10.
No of course not and just blah blah blah.
And just for the heck of it right because I'm not going to print this out.
We're just going to be printing.
I love BHP and trying to do that as fast as I can.
That way you don't get stuck here watching me for 30 minutes.
Right know you got better things to do right now.
All right.
All right step to make up for you.
So we know how to make a little bright.
Very simple for you were four and some curly brackets there.
And how would you make it to make.
How are we going to make this for a little gold.
So many times around right.
Well we could say something like.
First we need a variable right.
So I'm just going to type this.
This is equal to zero.
And this could be the counter if you just want to call initialiser right now.
And then we're going to say wow I is less than ten or equal than 10 right.
I want you to I actually we need to increment right here.
Remember that.
All right.
Forget Wow this is smaller than or equal to 10.
I want to echo how I thought so let's go let's go here and see what's going on here.
All right we've got some Actually we got some stuff executing here that not supposed to.
What do we do.
I went too fast and I said no of course.
There we go.
My logic was actually backwards.
All right so we got.
All right.
I love BHP.
Let's put a break in there right.
Let's put something here that will.
We can do that if we wanted to.
Right.
Perfect.
I love BHB and we printing out all the numbers all the values right.
So let's go ahead to the next one.
Now the next one.
It's a switch statement great.
Let's make a switch statement here let's just put a break right here.
That just comes Kartini every tag here.
So that way we don't have that problem with our switch statement.
So how do we create a switch statement.
Do you remember a switch and then same thing right.
What we need to put a variable here we need to make a variable say something like value.
And this is going to be 10.
And we are going to test against value right here and we're going to put a case here case and the case
is going to be this case 20 then we put two colons there and an echo out this is not it.
Should I'm going to make a simple case 10.
This is at man
right.
What do we need to do.
After we were done finding this out.
After this we need to break.
Remember that break.
All right.
Let's do a couple more statements because he said Five
and then just oh this is just going to have different numbers.
This is going be in there.
Let me see.
All right.
Refresh this is it man that the that.
And I got these values coming in like this.
And we found it.
But let's just say.
So this is this is 10 man.
Let's see if that's the right answer.
This is 10 men.
You see that the only one that change.
All right.
So really simple right.
Perfect.
We got the if they mean here.
Printing out of BHP because that's the only thing that we are accused of true right here everything
else is false.
And of course if everything else is false it would do this.
But we have a true statement right here.
We have the for loop.
We created this variable here.
It started out at zero and we say as long as eyes less or equal to 10 then we're going to print that
out then value 10 right here.
We are actually testing the switch they may against this value here with 10 different of five different
cases.
They get 5 1 2 3 4 and 5 so I was a good student today.
And the case is this is right here this is the condition the.
And this is the one we testing against right case 10.
Number 10 number seven.
This could be a stream by the way.
Right.
So anyway hopefully this test here this exercise helped you enforce what you learn in this section.
And thank you so much and I see you in the next section OK.
Having fun.
Take care.